Add extra RPC endpoints for operator (#1590)
AleoHQ/snarkOS: src/rpc/documentation/public_endpoints/getprovers.md

# Get Provers

> Returns the addresses of all provers that are registered on an operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the Aleo addresses of all provers that are registered with an operator.
```

### Arguments

None

### Response

| Parameter |  Type  |                Description                 |
|:---------:|:------:|:------------------------------------------:|

> | `result`  | array  | All of the addresses known to the operator |

Reviewer: known or actively registered?
